Add note about writing managed wrappers (#41746)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/native-interop/best-practices.md

- ✔️ CONSIDER using <xref:System.Buffers.ArrayPool%601?displayProperty=nameWithType> to pool your native array buffers.
- ✔️ CONSIDER wrapping your P/Invoke declarations in a class with the same name and capitalization as your native library.
  - This allows your `[LibraryImport]` or `[DllImport]` attributes to use the C# `nameof` language feature to pass in the name of the native library and ensure that you didn't misspell the name of the native library.

> - ✔️ DO use `SafeHandle`s to manage lifetime of objects that encapsulate unmanaged resources - [details](../garbage-collection/unmanaged.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ✔️ DO use `SafeHandle` handles to manage lifetime of objects that encapsulate unmanaged resources. For more information, see [Cleaning up unmanaged resources](../garbage-collection/unmanaged.md).
```

> - ❌ AVOID finalizers to manage lifetimes of objects that encapsulate unmanaged resources - [details](../garbage-collection/implementing-dispose.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ❌ AVOID finalizers to manage lifetime of objects that encapsulate unmanaged resources. For more information, see [Implement a Dispose method](../garbage-collection/implementing-dispose.md).
```

Don't forget that `GCHandle` needs to be explicitly freed to avoid memory leaks.

> ### Advanced managed wrapper management

Reviewer 2: Nit: I do not consider SafeHandles to be an advanced solution. I consider it the basic go-to solution. Finalizers are the advanced topic.

> Interop abstractions that rely upon managed object lifetime can be particularly difficult. There are broadly three approaches defined [here](../garbage-collection/unmanaged.md). Lifetime management for types that represent higher-level abstractions for native resources, that is "wrappers", should always consider deriving from `SafeHandle` first, implementing the [`IDisposable` pattern](../garbage-collection/implementing-dispose.md), and using Finalizers only as a last resort.

Reviewer 2: I think we should have one place in the docs that goes into depth with trickly very advanced topics like object resurrection, and the other places should just have a short shallow discussion and link to the in-depth doc.

I think the linked  ../garbage-collection/implementing-dispose.md is probably the best place for the in-depth content. If you agree, we can mention this in the DO/AVOID bullet points at the top of this doc and just link to the in-depth content from those.

DO use SafeHandles to managed lifetime of objects that encapsulate unmanaged resources
AVOID finalizers  to managed lifetimes of objects that encapsulate unmanaged resources

Author: I re-read through the `implementing-dispose.md` and it already calls out this scenario. This reaffirms this suggestion as the most appropriate. Thanks!

> Finalizers are notoriously difficult. One of the most common issues encountered by manager wrappers involves the Finalizer running while a member method is executing. To address this particular issue, inserting a `GC.KeepAlive(this)` at the end of the member method will ensure the wrapper's lifetime extends to at least the end of the member.

Reviewer 2: > inserting a `GC.KeepAlive(this)` at the end of the member method will ensure the wrapper's lifetime extends to at least the end of the member

This is not 100% valid statement. If the object gets resurrected, the finalizer can run while the member is executing and `GC.KeepAlive` is not going to save you.

Author: The scenario you are referring to is, for example, this function is called in the finalizer _or_ if during finalization the object is resurrected and the method is called, the `GC.KeepAlive` isn't providing any safety?

Reviewer 2: There are number of ways one can ended up with resurrected object instance. I think one the common ways to hit it is through long weak references. For example, consider this program that simulates the problem:
```csharp
for (int i = 0; i < 5; i++)
{
    var wr = DoStuff();
    GC.Collect();
    Thread.Sleep(100);
    if (wr.TryGetTarget(out var t))
    {
        t.M();
    }
    Thread.Sleep(1000);
}

WeakReference<TypeWithFinalizerWrappingUnmanagedResource> DoStuff()
{
    return new WeakReference<TypeWithFinalizerWrappingUnmanagedResource>(new TypeWithFinalizerWrappingUnmanagedResource(), true);
}

class TypeWithFinalizerWrappingUnmanagedResource
{
    bool _runningFinalizer;

    public void M()
    {
        if (_runningFinalizer)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("OOPS!");
        }
        GC.KeepAlive(this);
    }

    ~TypeWithFinalizerWrappingUnmanagedResource()
    {
        _runningFinalizer = true;
        Thread.Sleep(1000);
        _runningFinalizer = false;
    }
}
```
Notice that the code that creates the weak reference and `TypeWithFinalizerWrappingUnmanagedResource` can be very far away from each other. For example, the type wrapping the unmanaged resource can be in a library and the weak reference can be user code, referencing the library through multiple levels of indirections. It can create very subtle use-after-free security issues. SafeHandles are immune to this problem.

Author: Right, that looks like the second scenario I mentioned. Agreed there is an inherent race between the finalizer and any use of a member. The `GC.KeepAlive()` merely narrows the window for the most obvious cases. I like your suggestion at https://github.com/dotnet/docs/pull/41746#discussion_r1676690445. Let me try again.
